Add text from the Handbook to the rejected user email (#2022)
dandi/dandi-archive: dandiapi/api/templates/api/mail/rejected_user_message.txt

Your DANDI account has been denied approval.
{% if rejection_reason %}
    Detailed reason:
    {{ rejection_reason }}
{% endif %}

DANDI is freely accessible to the neuroscience research community. Membership is usually granted automatically to GitHub accounts with a .edu or similar academic email. If your registration is denied:

- With an academic email not linked to your GitHub, please contact help@dandiarchive.org for assistance using this academic email address to verify your academic affiliation.

> - Without an academic email, account approval is still possible under specific circumstances. Appeal decisions at help@dandiarchive.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Without an academic email, account approval is still possible under specific circumstances. You can appeal the decision by contacting help@dandiarchive.org.
```
